sig auth 2025 annual report (#8858)
kubernetes/community: sig-auth/annual-report-2025.md

     - Fine grained Kubelet API authorization (KEP-2862, sig-node) graduated to beta [in v1.33](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/2862-fine-grained-kubelet-authz). Adds fine-grained authorization controls to the kubelet's API endpoints.
     - Introduce kuberc (KEP-3104, sig-cli) was introduced as alpha [in v1.33](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-cli/3104-introduce-kuberc) and graduated to beta [in v1.34](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-cli/3104-introduce-kuberc). Adds `credPluginPolicy` and `credPluginAllowlist` configuration options for credential plugin management.
     - CSI driver opt-in for service account tokens via secrets field (KEP-5538, sig-storage) graduated to beta [in v1.35](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-storage/5538-csi-sa-tokens-secrets-field). CSI drivers can now opt in to receive service account tokens via the secrets field instead of volume context, separating credentials from metadata to prevent accidental leakage.
   - Important initiatives that aren't tracked via KEPs:
     - Once a week issue/PR triage meetings.

>      - Retired the hierarchical-namespace-controller subproject and the policy working group.

Reviewer: Lets link to https://github.com/kubernetes/org/issues/5484

   - Structured Authentication Configuration (KEP-3331) graduated to stable [in v1.34](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/131916). The `AuthenticationConfiguration` type in `--authentication-config` files was promoted to `apiserver.config.k8s.io/v1`, supporting multiple JWT authenticators, CEL expression validation, and dynamic reloading.
   - Authorize with Selectors (KEP-4601) graduated to stable [in v1.34](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/132656). Authorization decisions can now leverage field and label selectors to restrict list, watch, and deletecollection operations. The `AuthorizeWithSelectors` and `AuthorizeNodeWithSelectors` feature gates were promoted to stable and locked on.
   - Anonymous auth configurable endpoints (KEP-4633) graduated to stable [in v1.34](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-auth/4633-anonymous-auth-configurable-endpoints). Anonymous access can now be limited to an explicit allowlist of endpoints such as `/healthz`, `/readyz`, `/livez`, reducing the blast radius of RBAC misconfigurations.

>    - Pod Security Admission now blocks setting `.host` field in ProbeHandler and LifecycleHandler (KEP-4940) graduated to stable [in v1.34](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-auth/4940-psa-block-host-field-in-probes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Pod Security Admission `baseline` and `restricted` levels now block setting `.host` field in ProbeHandler and LifecycleHandler (KEP-4940) graduated to stable [in v1.34](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-auth/4940-psa-block-host-field-in-probes).
```
